Chris Alliman MD: Alright, this is Chris Solomon. Today is Friday, April 3. This is New Mexico, doing a new patient intake for Jeremy new Hyundai to birth is
Jeremy Lujan: Hey,
Chris Alliman MD: Hey, is this Jeremy
Jeremy Lujan: Jeremy
Chris Alliman MD: Jeremy element here.
Jeremy Lujan: How's it going, I'm doing good.
Chris Alliman MD: Doing good doing good.
Jeremy Lujan: Yeah yeah your
Chris Alliman MD: Own says Amanda Cooper.
Jeremy Lujan: Oh yeah, that's my girlfriend.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, I'm going to rename your, your phone for this moment, I'm just so you know when you come in, we do want your name on it. We have transcriptionist that write notes for us about what's hot
All
Chris Alliman MD: Right, so
Chris Alliman MD: Get familiar with zoom you know how to change that name. Okay.
Jeremy Lujan: Oh, okay. I'll check it out as a first time using it, but
Yeah, it's kind of creating
Jeremy Lujan: This. Go ahead.
Chris Alliman MD: Pretty good. All right, Jeremy. I don't know anything about you. So, but I understand we're talking about Suboxone today.
Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Excellent. So tell me about Suboxone why you want to get on it. The history of why you need Suboxone until me enough that
Jeremy Lujan: I'm
Jeremy Lujan: Willing to get on. I've been on heroin for 910 years old, kind of on and off and
Jeremy Lujan: I
Jeremy Lujan: Got I have a son and stuff and
Jeremy Lujan: It's kind of just getting old waking up sick and having to go out and get also like to make. Try to make some money to get what I need. And I can't find a job and
Jeremy Lujan: It's just getting tired of Eric not getting nowhere in life. I wanted to get on Suboxone so I couldn't because I know how because the main reason I'm pretty much doing heroin. I can really get I often anymore. I just to get while they get sick. Every all the time. So,
Chris Alliman MD: I do avoid those withdrawals. Right.
Jeremy Lujan: Yeah, so that's pretty much it.
Chris Alliman MD: gets rough nine or 10 years ago. Why did you get started using heroin. What led you into heroin.
Jeremy Lujan: When I was a senior in high school as started doing pills boxes and then they were getting too expensive. So I started doing heroin because roxy's were getting hard to find her too much, and
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Jeremy Lujan: I moved to her. We started using that since then.
Chris Alliman MD: And how much heroin. Have you been using how much and how
Jeremy Lujan: Often a like
Jeremy Lujan: Like 60 to $80 a day maybe
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And how often do you use it.
Jeremy Lujan: Every day.
Chris Alliman MD: Once a day or multiple times a day.
Jeremy Lujan: Multiple times.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, where we say how many times would you guess on
Jeremy Lujan: Her like
Jeremy Lujan: Five, six times maybe
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Have you ever overdosed.
Jeremy Lujan: Yeah, yeah. I have a three times.
Chris Alliman MD: Oh wow, that's kind of scary.
Jeremy Lujan: Yeah, it was all
Jeremy Lujan: A little bit, you know, the color with it was dry.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. When was the last time that that happened.
Jeremy Lujan: Maybe
Jeremy Lujan: Four months ago.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. And when was the last time to use heroin.
Jeremy Lujan: This morning
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. Why did you get started on the oxy codeine pills in high school.
Jeremy Lujan: I don't know, just reframing my friends and getting offered it and I never really liked that stuff because I've seen my sister were on and she was always honest. I even used to throw your clothes away and find them and
Jeremy Lujan: One day, just
Jeremy Lujan: Like with with some girls and a friend, they're doing learn tabs and I am now for me a line. And I guess they did it just, just to be calling from the chicks. Exactly. I don't know.
Jeremy Lujan: Yeah, and I like this. I kept on doing it.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, for some reason for some people it can also be an escape from depression or anxiety. Was that ever
Jeremy Lujan: Yeah, that's a
Jeremy Lujan: big part of the reason I started getting anxiety in eighth grade and
Jeremy Lujan: When I think that's why I started liking them because it was helping with my anxiety.
Jeremy Lujan: I was getting it pretty bad.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. Gotcha. And for some people it's a family systems like just everybody in the family.
Chris Alliman MD: uses drugs and it's just normal for them.
Jeremy Lujan: Is that your situation. No, just my sister was the only one that did drugs.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, she, it was the opiate use also
Jeremy Lujan: Yeah, but she got off of him. She graduated. She was on the Methadone one just move to Suboxone and then she graduated from Suboxone she's cleaner.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. Good for her. That's great.
That's great. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: I'm all right.
Chris Alliman MD: We'll see. Are you on parole or probation.
Jeremy Lujan: Um, no. I'm on unsupervised probation. That's it.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Now I did see that you were on Suboxone about a little over a year ago.
Chris Alliman MD: You had gotten Suboxone yeah
Yeah, how did they
Jeremy Lujan: Were good at first, for
Jeremy Lujan: Them and then I remember
Jeremy Lujan: I can't remember what happened when I stopped doing ozone. The methadone.
Jeremy Lujan: I think I was I got on the message on after that.
Jeremy Lujan: You're going to jail and how to kick the
Chris Alliman MD: Methadone
Jeremy Lujan: Oh yeah, he realized that the Methadone is rough to kick off so
Jeremy Lujan: I wouldn't get back up.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, that can be a tough process. Absolutely.
Jeremy Lujan: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Now after with in all of these like nine to 10 years of this going on. Have you gone to rehab or been in counseling.
Jeremy Lujan: Gone to group meetings.
Jeremy Lujan: I was going. I've been on Joe core before and I, they sent me to the men's recovery in Los Lunas
Jeremy Lujan: Six months. But I got turned over there for five months and they got terminated for having a cell phone.
Jeremy Lujan: Okay, with that.
Jeremy Lujan: Pretty much messed me up and
Jeremy Lujan: Yeah, and so we
Chris Alliman MD: Actually when you were actually doing those programs. Did you find them to be helpful.
Jeremy Lujan: Yeah, the men's recovery was really helpful, but we have got terminated. I, I was on probation and they sent me to jail for a whole year after that essentially provision being in jail kind of ruins that whole five months of rehab.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, that makes it
Jeremy Lujan: Out of him about to hit the streets from injury coverage. I think I would have been good.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, yeah, that would have been a nicer process for you.
Jeremy Lujan: Yeah, I want
Chris Alliman MD: I want to switch gears just a little bit and get some of your history also
Chris Alliman MD: Do you have any allergies to medications.
Jeremy Lujan: Just amoxicillin.
Chris Alliman MD: And what happens with amoxicillin.
Jeremy Lujan: Break out with a hive.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, do you take any medications regularly at this point.
Jeremy Lujan: No, nothing.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Have you been diagnosed with any problems like diabetes or high blood pressure or hepatitis C.
Jeremy Lujan: Pepsi.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Have you been treated for Pepsi.
Jeremy Lujan: No, I haven't. I've been looking to do that though.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. What town are you in
Jeremy Lujan: Santa Fe.
Chris Alliman MD: You live in Santa Fe.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. Okay, so I know there are some groups up there that are treating hepatitis C, do you have a primary care doctor
Jeremy Lujan: Um, I don't know. That's a moment.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, I would encourage you to start there. Hepatitis C is very, very treatable at this point. But the first step is getting a primary care doctor to get it worked out.
Jeremy Lujan: Okay. Do I get a primary doctor
Chris Alliman MD: Well basically I would say look online for primary care doctors in Santa Fe, or family medicine or or internal medicine, any of that and and also check with your insurance and see who's covered by your insurance.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, that
Chris Alliman MD: Insurance is probably a good way to go that way you make sure that you're getting someone that's covered
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Yeah. Any other diagnoses that you have besides the hep C anxiety and
Chris Alliman MD: Opioid Use
Jeremy Lujan: No, no, that's it. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Sounds good. Any surgeries at any point
Jeremy Lujan: surgery on my ankle and I broke a one time. It's been a long time ago.
Chris Alliman MD: What year vaguely. I don't need to know
Jeremy Lujan: Exactly 2012 maybe
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, and which ankle.
Jeremy Lujan: My writing co
Chris Alliman MD: UK
Chris Alliman MD: And any other surgeries.
Jeremy Lujan: No. No other surgeries.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. Do you smoke tobacco.
Chris Alliman MD: Yes. How much do you smoke.
Jeremy Lujan: A pack every two days.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. How long have you smoked four
Jeremy Lujan: Or eight years. Nine years
Chris Alliman MD: Has it always been half a pack. Are you working at quitting.
Jeremy Lujan: Um, I have worked, including yet, but I would like to have you.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, I think getting getting a stable on the Suboxone and then working at the tobacco be a lot of sense. Don't
Jeremy Lujan: Do the
Chris Alliman MD: Same time
Chris Alliman MD: Right, we don't want to do that. How about alcohol. Have you had. Do you drink alcohol.
Jeremy Lujan: No I don't drink.
Chris Alliman MD: Ever had an alcohol problem.
Jeremy Lujan: No, I mean I drink when I was young and I scores about it.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, good. And besides that the heroin use any other drug use.
Jeremy Lujan: Done mass me for about, I mean, it's not like an everyday thing.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. When was the last time to use math.
Jeremy Lujan: maybe a month ago.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, we don't have anything for meth like we do for heroin, but it doesn't sound like method to your drug of choice percent
Jeremy Lujan: I'm not. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. Good. What's your living situation currently
Jeremy Lujan: Living with family members.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. And do they know what's going on.
Jeremy Lujan: Yeah yeah
Chris Alliman MD: Good. Are they pretty supportive of all of this.
Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. Excellent. It's always important to have that that support. Does anybody that you live with have addiction issues.
Jeremy Lujan: No, nobody
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so there's not that influence trying to drag you back into it.
Jeremy Lujan: Yeah, I know. It's just my parents and my girlfriend.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, good. Any kids in the house.
Jeremy Lujan: Yeah, just one my son.
Chris Alliman MD: How old is your son.
Jeremy Lujan: He's for
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. The reason I asked about that is because Suboxone when you use Suboxone the residue that gets on your fingers and residue around your mouth. The residue in your in your mouth and the residue on the film packaging is enough to kill a kid. If they lick it.
Jeremy Lujan: Okay, it'll
Chris Alliman MD: It'll cause them to overdose and cause them to stop breathing.
Jeremy Lujan: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: So when you use the Suboxone and we'll get you a prescription today, and I'll also send in a prescription for Narcan for the nasal spray
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, you'll need to have one of those at home, there'll be lots of refills. So if you use it, you go get another one.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. And if you use it also call 911 immediately. Okay. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Not forbid something happens to your son. We don't want
Jeremy Lujan: Yeah, I'll make sure that
Chris Alliman MD: But you want to keep the Suboxone out of his reach.
Chris Alliman MD: You don't want, you want to make sure when you're done you wash your hands. Well, wash your mouth. Well,
Chris Alliman MD: Rinse out your mouth and then the package needs to be thrown out outside
Chris Alliman MD: Not inside or he do it.
Chris Alliman MD: All right.
Jeremy Lujan: Make sense. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. Alright.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so I have a bunch of a bunch more questions. I wanted to work through with you. Oh, another thing, how are you spending the days at this point are you working, are you in school. What's
Jeremy Lujan: Pretty much home yeah
Jeremy Lujan: That's it right now pretty much what's going on. It's a virus and so
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Fair enough, fair enough.
Jeremy Lujan: Are you
Chris Alliman MD: Are you doing any counseling at currently
No.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, how much do you know about our program.
Jeremy Lujan: The fire department. This lady from the fire department, she
Jeremy Lujan: recommended me to it and she came in explained
Jeremy Lujan: To me like pretty much the guys help with
Jeremy Lujan: To get on the subs or to get like towns thing treatment.
Jeremy Lujan: She was explaining all that
Jeremy Lujan: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Good, so I'm going to get you a prescription for Suboxone today and we'll talk about how to get started on that. It's a little tricky since you've been currently using heroin. We got to work through that a little bit. So we'll talk more in
Chris Alliman MD: The end, we'll get set up.
Jeremy Lujan: With our program.
Chris Alliman MD: We require a couple things. One, we require a weekly group check in where I'm there. The therapist is there and several patients are there. Also, it's on zoom just like we're doing today. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: But we'll have to figure out which group will work out well for you and for your time.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, this. The second thing that we have is, you have an individual counseling appointment every week.
Jeremy Lujan: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So there are two meetings, a week, a group visit and a counseling visit
Chris Alliman MD: We start a prescription. Well, the prescriptions for the first month, there are two prescriptions. A week one to get you from group to therapy and then after you attend therapy. I hear about that from the therapist, and I do a prescription to get you back to group time
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: The reason for this is that we want people have to go to group Suboxone helps to keep those withdrawals away but there the therapy helps with the mental aspect of the the addiction and helping me that because we want to get you off the Suboxone. We don't want you on that forever.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah.
Jeremy Lujan: Make sense. Yeah, it does.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. Now after the first month if you show that you've been attending and participating and doing well. Then we start to space out those prescriptions to more like weekly or whatnot. So it's a little easier on you.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so we got to work that route.
Chris Alliman MD: So I've got a bunch more questions, but we'll get to all of that here at the end. OK.
Jeremy Lujan: OK. OK, cool.
Chris Alliman MD: Any, any questions that you have at this point.
Jeremy Lujan: No. Not at the moment.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, it's always a lot of information and it's overwhelming.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah.
Jeremy Lujan: Hard to come up with the ones
Chris Alliman MD: That's, that's okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, I have some yes or no questions for you. Okay, we're going to be thinking about during the time that you've been using heroin to kind of answer these questions.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so with the heroin heroin. Have you taken larger amounts or taking it over a longer period of time than intended
Jeremy Lujan: No.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Has there been a persistent desire or unsuccessful effort to cut down or control the heroin use
Jeremy Lujan: No.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Have you had to spend a great deal of time trying to either get the heroin to use the heroin or to recover sorry recover from the heroin effects.
Jeremy Lujan: Yeah. Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. Have there been cravings are strong desires to use heroin.
Jeremy Lujan: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Get heroin cause failure to fulfill your roles at work at school or at home.
Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you continue to use heroin and despite it possibly causing social or relationship problems.
Jeremy Lujan: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you have to give up important social, occupational or recreational activities because of heroin.
Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you continue to use heroin in situations that were physically hazardous like driving
Jeremy Lujan: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: And did you continue using despite knowing it can cause physical or psychological problems.
Jeremy Lujan: Yes. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. Thank you for working through those with me.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. Um, we talked briefly briefly about anxiety. Have you ever been actually diagnosed with anxiety or worked with the psychiatrist or been hospitalized because
Jeremy Lujan: I've gone to the hospital because I've got a garden variety. When I first started it. I didn't know what it was was wrong me, and that's when they told me that I had anxiety at the hospital. Okay. Yeah. And when I was in high school I I got
Jeremy Lujan: I got a IP teacher and all that.
Jeremy Lujan: Yeah, I had to go. I didn't have got day. Those are things I didn't ADHD.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Have you worked with a psychiatrist at any point
Jeremy Lujan: No, I haven't.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Jeremy Lujan: That's fine. I just wanted to get a little history on that one.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Alright, so now I'm going to start with some symptoms working from head to toe just about some things that you've been feeling over the last two weeks.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, over the last two weeks. Have you had any fevers.
Jeremy Lujan: Know,
Chris Alliman MD: Any cough.
Chris Alliman MD: No fatigue or tiredness.
Chris Alliman MD: No shortness of breath.
Jeremy Lujan: No.
Chris Alliman MD: Any night sweats.
Jeremy Lujan: Or yes, Leah tonight's lesson. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Any over the last two weeks. Any chills.
Jeremy Lujan: Oh, yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: any difficulty breathing.
Chris Alliman MD: No good any vision changes over the last two weeks.
Jeremy Lujan: No.
Chris Alliman MD: Any hearing, hearing changes.
Chris Alliman MD: Know any bloody noses over the last two weeks.
Chris Alliman MD: No any nasal congestion.
Jeremy Lujan: No.
Chris Alliman MD: Lips stores.
Chris Alliman MD: Know, neck pain.
Jeremy Lujan: No.
Chris Alliman MD: Chest pain.
Chris Alliman MD: Abdominal pain.
Jeremy Lujan: No.
Chris Alliman MD: Nausea
Chris Alliman MD: Vomiting
Jeremy Lujan: Know,
Constipation
Diarrhea
Jeremy Lujan: Know,
Chris Alliman MD: Dry hair.
Chris Alliman MD: Dry skin.
Jeremy Lujan: Know, oh yeah yeah guys, can I get ready to
Chris Alliman MD: Graduate
Chris Alliman MD: Any joint pain over the last two weeks, any joint pains.
Chris Alliman MD: No back pains.
Chris Alliman MD: Know, lightheadedness,
Jeremy Lujan: Know,
Jeremy Lujan: Dizziness know
Chris Alliman MD: Mood Changes.
Jeremy Lujan: No.
Chris Alliman MD: Bloody. No, I'm sorry, depression,
Anxiety.
Jeremy Lujan: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: sleep problems.
Jeremy Lujan: No.
Chris Alliman MD: Suicidal thoughts.
Jeremy Lujan: Hopelessness know
worthlessness
Chris Alliman MD: Hallucinations
Jeremy Lujan: No.
Chris Alliman MD: No. All right, good. Thank you for humoring me
Jeremy Lujan: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so now we get to the fun part where we get to do the vital signs and the physical exam through the computer.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, I'm kind of hard to do. Right. But I've been watching you, and you've been resting comfortably. So I'm putting down to normal respiration rate of 18
Jeremy Lujan: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: How tall are you,
Chris Alliman MD: 60 and how much do you weigh
Jeremy Lujan: 85
Chris Alliman MD: All right. Do you know how to check your pulse.
Jeremy Lujan: Yeah.
Jeremy Lujan: Okay.
So I wanna
Chris Alliman MD: All right, so what I'm going to do is time for six seconds.
Chris Alliman MD: And during those six seconds. I want you to count the number of pulses.
Jeremy Lujan: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So tell me when you found your
Chris Alliman MD: All right. Ready, set, go.
Jeremy Lujan: 123456789
Stopping
Jeremy Lujan: Right.
Chris Alliman MD: So we got nine there's that's going to be a pulse of 90
Jeremy Lujan: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. Now, the other part that I need. And I see you're in the car. So this will be a little bit hard
Jeremy Lujan: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: I need you to press on your stomach.
Jeremy Lujan: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And let me know if you have any pains as you push
Jeremy Lujan: No good.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, so that's about the extent that we can do for the physical exam. Okay.
Jeremy Lujan: Okay.
All right.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so
Chris Alliman MD: We need to figure out the Suboxone process for you.
Jeremy Lujan: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Right. So you use heroin last this morning.
Jeremy Lujan: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Have you started to go into withdrawals.
Jeremy Lujan: Yeah, I
Jeremy Lujan: Want to like this afternoon or
Tonight.
Chris Alliman MD: So generally Suboxone if you take it too early, it'll kick you into severe withdrawals, it'll
Chris Alliman MD: fly out the heroin and
Chris Alliman MD: Make your really super sick.
Jeremy Lujan: Right corner. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. So what we want to do is wait till you're in moderate withdrawals.
Chris Alliman MD: Not early withdrawals.
Chris Alliman MD: But also not where you're feeling so horrible and having diarrhea like crazy doubled over perhaps we don't want to wait for
That
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: So we want you in moderate withdrawals where you're getting some
Chris Alliman MD: Stomach cramping.
Chris Alliman MD: Feeling, you know, sometimes. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: You might have the
Jeremy Lujan: Chills and goosebumps. Yeah, maybe a little bit of sweating.
Chris Alliman MD: Right, and that's when we want you to start taking the Suboxone
Jeremy Lujan: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: No, I'm going to send specific instructions to you by email. I have your email addresses JG Lu Han to at GMAIL. COM
Jeremy Lujan: Yeah, that's my, my mom's Me give you mine.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, yeah.
Jeremy Lujan: It's Lu Han, Jeremy.
Chris Alliman MD: Lu Han, Jeremy.
Chris Alliman MD: Jeremy 4040
Jeremy Lujan: At gmail.com
Chris Alliman MD: Okay and I'm going to have them change that on your profile.
Chris Alliman MD: Because this stuff should be going to you, not your mom.
Jeremy Lujan: Yeah, I don't know how her email even got on there like, I don't know.
Jeremy Lujan: Yeah, it's really weird.
Chris Alliman MD: So I'll get that worked out. And I'm going to send you these instructions that we're now going to talk through. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: The instructions will be very simplified on the bottle at the pharmacy, because there's way too much for them to print on the bottle.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, so I'm getting email you these instructions.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so the way you go do it.
Chris Alliman MD: When you're in moderate withdrawals. You take one film of Suboxone
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And then, about half an hour later if you feel like you need it. You can take an I'm sorry one to two hours later if you feel like you need it. You can take half another film.
Jeremy Lujan: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And then three to four hours later, again, if you need it. You can take another half of film.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. All right, that's it for the day.
Jeremy Lujan: On the
Chris Alliman MD: Second day. You start with whatever you took the first day. So if you only took one film. And that's all you needed the first day that's what you start with the second day, but in that first day if you needed to take two films, then that's what you start with the second day
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Jeremy Lujan: Does that make sense. Yeah.
Jeremy Lujan: Yeah, that makes sense.
Chris Alliman MD: And then again, two to four hours later, you can take half a film and then two to four hours after that you can take another half of film again.
Only if you need to.
Jeremy Lujan: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: On day three, you take the total from day to. So again, if that was one film on day two, and
Chris Alliman MD: That's all you needed the whole day that's what you take on day three, but if you need it. All three films, then you start with that. On day three.
Chris Alliman MD: But there's no other extra half of film.
Jeremy Lujan: Yeah, that's good.
Jeremy Lujan: People that actually take three of them anytime
Chris Alliman MD: There is
Jeremy Lujan: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: For something they need to most people are good at one or two but
Three.
Chris Alliman MD: Dave
Chris Alliman MD: Dave, for we want you to take two films.
Chris Alliman MD: Ok ok and then we'll kind of see then we'll see where things are at now it's generally recommended that you take the
Chris Alliman MD: day for day three and day for when you're taking either those three are the two films you take them both. LIKE ONE RIGHT AFTER EACH OTHER don't spread it out the day you take it right one right after each other.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, it should last you easily for the whole day. It's a long acting opiate heroin.
Chris Alliman MD: Those are short acting opiates and you have to do it multiple times a day.
Jeremy Lujan: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: The box owns a long acting opiate and the last like 36 hours.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So I'm going to send in that prescription to your pharmacy which pharmacy. Do you
Jeremy Lujan: want that to go the Walgreens.
Jeremy Lujan: Serious things after on our own.
Chris Alliman MD: And remind me what town, you're in
Jeremy Lujan: I'm you know I'm sorry on Richard. Richard drove to Santa Fe County.
Jeremy Lujan: It'll go to Walgreens on Richards.
Chris Alliman MD: Richards road in Santa Fe. Let me check on that you're really quick, make sure I've got it so that we get that worked out.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: I didn't see it. I'm Richard Richards.
Jeremy Lujan: Is in serious movies Rios road.
Chris Alliman MD: It was one for scenarios.
Jeremy Lujan: Yeah, that's gonna be the one
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, let me click on that one and just find for sure that we're at the right spot there. I want to make sure we're working this good correctly, is that over by Neil will
Jeremy Lujan: Yeah, yeah. It's by no
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, good. Yeah, I got that there. So we'll do Richards road unser Rio's
Chris Alliman MD: Dates 7507. Okay, good. I'm also going to send the nerd can into that same spot. Okay.
Jeremy Lujan: Okay, that's my
Chris Alliman MD: Know, we need to figure out which group is going to be best for you to attend.
Chris Alliman MD: I'd like to see about getting you in on the Friday 12 noon groups. Not today. I'm not having you do it today. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. The Friday. Would that work okay for you.
Jeremy Lujan: Yeah, that would that would work.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Jeremy Lujan: Let me get a pen and paper, write it down.
Chris Alliman MD: Good, good. We're gonna go through some information about about that. So tell me when you're ready.
Jeremy Lujan: Okay, I'm ready.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so it'll be Friday at 12 noon, and you'll call it into the virtual clinic, just like you did today to get connected
Jeremy Lujan: Okay, it'll be the same ID.
Jeremy Lujan: Know number
Chris Alliman MD: ID changes every week.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. All right. And it last the meeting last from an hour from 12 noon.
Chris Alliman MD: To 1pm
Jeremy Lujan: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: It'll be with me in a therapist, and then also several other patients. And so you'll
Chris Alliman MD: Kind of get into it. Now when you call the virtual clinic. It's always like going to the doctor's office or calling the doctor's office. There's always a line and there's always paperwork to do
Jeremy Lujan: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So we want you to call in to the virtual clinic about 30 minutes ahead of time, because if you wait, if you wait until five minutes before the group starts, you're not going to get in.
Chris Alliman MD: OK. And then, and that's when we refill medication. And if you miss that you're going to be out of medication for the weekend we won't refill it till Monday and it's just going to be a problem.
Jeremy Lujan: Okay.
Jeremy Lujan: Yeah, sounds
Chris Alliman MD: Good.
Jeremy Lujan: All right, yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. Now, they won't keep you on the line for that entire 30 minutes. They'll have you check in and then when the meeting ID is available. They'll email it to you.
Jeremy Lujan: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So you won't have to stay on the line, the whole time.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, now the therapist that runs that group. Her name is when one of your
Chris Alliman MD: But she's not currently taking new patients, there's a different therapists that I'm going to get you connected with her name is Lisa Anderson.
Jeremy Lujan: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And we're going to see about getting her connected with you, between now and our next group next week, next Friday.
Chris Alliman MD: OK, now I'm going to send this stuff to you in an email so you won't have to remember all of it, but it's good. You're writing it.
Chris Alliman MD: But I'll send you an email.
Chris Alliman MD: Now,
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: In the phone set reminders put a calendar in there with an alert for 30 minutes ahead of time to be in touch with 45 minutes ahead of time so that you make sure you're doing these things. I don't want you running out of medication, I
Chris Alliman MD: Want you to get the medication, but I need, yet the group to do it.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, cool.
Chris Alliman MD: Any questions, Jeremy.
Jeremy Lujan: No, that's about it.
Chris Alliman MD: There's so much information with this. It's over.
Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Very good. Alright, so what I'm going to do is work on your stuff sending out messages. I'm going to have people being in touch with you to schedule different things. I'm going to put your information in on the group meetings to make sure it's ready. We're going to get those taken
Chris Alliman MD: Care of
Chris Alliman MD: And I'm going to send the medications into your pharmacy, so you can get them today.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. All right.
Chris Alliman MD: Now again,
Chris Alliman MD: All right. Wait until you're in moderate withdrawals. I don't want you getting sick, Jeremy.
Jeremy Lujan: All right, I will
Chris Alliman MD: Sound good
Jeremy Lujan: Yeah, sounds good.
Chris Alliman MD: Are a man
Jeremy Lujan: You take it easy.
Jeremy Lujan: Easy about there. Oh.
Jeremy Lujan: Thank you, you too. Bye.
Chris Alliman MD: Bye bye.
Thanks.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright dictating on this patient psychic impression
Chris Alliman MD: Patient with substance abuse, any anxiety symptoms level of stress is moderate to severe and includes economic relationship problems relationships stressors are moderate
Chris Alliman MD: Patient has a strong sense of self, good object relations appears abstract on exam patient reports a history of hospitalizations today, anxiety, but no psychiatric treatment.
Chris Alliman MD: Vital signs show a heart rate of 90 respiration to 18 height of six feet two inches with a weight of 185 pounds physical exam is normal.
Chris Alliman MD: Assessment and Planning severe opioid use disorder with the induction plan medication will be sent into his pharmacy long with Narcan he's going to attend group on Fridays at 12 noon starting April 30 of April 10
Chris Alliman MD: Therapy will be with Lisa Anderson, if available.
Chris Alliman MD: Emails will be sent PMT was reviewed and there is nothing president of that for that and and dictation on this patient. Thanks.